tidb-config: update description of txn-local-latches (#17253)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

## txn-local-latches

> Configuration related to the transaction latch. This parameter might be deprecated in future. It is not recommended to enable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration items related to the transaction latch. These configuration items might be deprecated in the future. It is not recommended to use them.
```

Reviewer: 是否是 `txn-local-latches.enabled` 和 `txn-local-latches.capacity` 今后都可能会废弃，还是只有 `txn-local-latches.enabled` 今后可能会废弃呢

Reviewer 2: 属于同一个功能，都会被废弃
